ladies and gentlemen I would like to
take this opportunity to introduce you
to the new co-host of the vintage
vehicle show mr. Johnny Augustine oh
well maybe not but John this is your
seventh interview on the vintage vehicle
show correct yes is Lance we were much
younger many many interviews ago yeah I
think we started actually back in 1999
yeah and down in Portland down in
Portland Radek custom show yes you've
got a blue baby blue Lincoln I forgot to
count in that till that lives in now yes
with the big candid lights ice blue
pearl yes and you're stuck on these
Cadillacs what's what's the deal here
actually I've had a ever since actually
1991 I've been building the number of
Cadillacs I think I'm up to number 12
right now and I saved this Elvis car for
probably the last of a trilogy that I
actually did actually back in 98 I built
the Maryland car
the 53 cat Eldorado that actually just
dissing wild the public it went to
Pebble Beach and sold lives in Sydney
Australia then a few years after that
actually two years ago I came back with
a Packard
the 41 Packard call gable there's
another history car historical car and I
saved the best for last
so there's right here is my my Elvis
tribute car it's it's perfect being a
tribute car for Elvis 59 Cadillac
perfect the color perfect
it's the Brits it's just it's wonderful
yeah yeah did the Elvis come to mind
first it's like I want to do a tribute
car to Elvis what would it be or do you
start building this and it evolved into
it actually I really wanted to start out
with Elvis when I started the trilogy
back in the mid 90s but then after I
thought about I says you know what I'm
gonna save Elvis for last so that's when
I figured he had a 59 Cadillac Eldorado
similar to this except it wasn't
customized and his color was purple he
loved lavenders and purples so I says
I'm gonna start off with marylin end up
with my middle car would gable and save
the last of trilogy for Elvis and I
think we nailed it with this one
beautiful job thank you the roof is
obviously been altered what else have
you done to the car okay first off what
we did we chopped the top three and a
half inches so the windshield is chopped
through actually not chopped in half
inches the windshield is made in Finland
all my wraparound glass is made in
Finland so there's no cutting no
grinding they fit just like a stock
window with the
around it everything shopped at 3:00 now
finches I made this into a three
position top full top which which has a
metal piece painted like the car scallop
like the car that fits right in here
it's a convertible latch deal here where
it keeps you out of the rain if you
happen to drive another knee which we
don't and then I went to the half top as
you're looking now this is the trick
deal right here this has all been hand
formed all this Londo irons been all
done correctly then instead of giving it
a straight parallel shot like this
actually gave it a little contort and
really good to give it a real nice
flowing look and what's really trick
about the car is when it with in third
position is no top when I remove this
top which could be remove it in a minute
or two you have some beautiful scooped
areas which what I did I move the whole
backseat up 16 inches and I built all
new sheetmetal behind the seats and made
it into pretty working scoops that
actually have little chrome bullet
spheres in it to match the front the
back everything's old balanced and it's
got the extended console coming through
it very very very elegant you have been
one of the major I mean if you know if
the custom car world had to pick out two
or three the very top people in the
world you're going to be in that
appreciate that appreciate that very
much
20 years ago or 15 years ago were you
just doing what you wanted to do and
you're kind of going gee people are kind
of paying attention to what I'm doing
you know how did you how did you become
an overnight successful well it started
off slow I mean back in the late 60s
when I was in high school I start off at
the 56 Chevy which is the only actually
ship I ever owned was a 56 out of all
the all the cars and since then I start
doing the chop Mercury's and and a
couple forged in a lot of the bigger
cars and all that but it's just you know
reading the magazines building model
cars looking at the works of Barriss
bail on Winfield cushion very starboard
Bill Hines those are my heroes and by
focusing on those guys have seen what
they've done it actually gave me a
vision to do what I want to do so John I
want to say two things I want to say
thank you for being on the vintage
vehicle show again always a pleasure
Lance and I want to let you know you did
really well in your audition you
you can't be co-host to the show if you
hey I'll take you up on that anytime
thank you very much okay thank you